---
layout: posts
title: "Session 1: Where are the Ramen?"
date: 2019-11-12
---
<h1 class="title"><b>Session 1: "Where are the Ramen?"</b></h1>


<p class="date"><i>November 15,2089</i></p>

It was a downright misereable evening. It was storming around 20:00. I don't even remember why I was out and about in such  a weather.
Soaked as I was,I decided to head to the nearest Stuffer Shack.I was not the only one who had that idea.In front of the store,I see a female troll and two human males.
Little did I know that they are going to make my evening more eventfull...

As we enter, the cashier drones: "Welcome to the Stuffer Shack. Just pick something.Don't be long.".He looks as miserable as the weather.
I head to aisle 7 to look for something edible. As I walk,I can hear a couple flirting somewhere towards the back and a baby crying. "Hush,I only need to get the diapers",soothes the mother.
A moment later,I hear the door beep as she leaves.At aisle 7,I peruse the breakfeat food selection. There's almost-egg,some soy-based foodstuffs and ready to eat cereals. 
As I was deliberating whether I should risk buying the half-cooked almost-egg or buy the bland soy-based food substitute, the door beeps again.
"I'm sorry,I forgot the diapers",the mother says. The cashier justs sighs heavily.

Not long after,I hear an explosion nearby,the vibrations nearly knock me over.I hear a crash as several shelves fall over. Two leather-clad and tatooed gangers and a native american shaman enter the store.
"Tell us where the woman with the baby is or you will die!",the leader shouts. His buddy,who holds an AK-97 heads to the right to search for the woman.
The leader walks up to me and points a gun at my face: "I will shoot you if you don't cooperate so tell me,<i>where is the woman</i>".

Even though he is threathening me,I can see that he doesn't really want to shoot me with his Ares Predator.
I try to quickly draw my gun and shoot him,but my hands are shaking badly.I hear a shot coming from near the bathrooms but it only grazes the ganger in front of me.
He turns and I see one of the men from earlier holding his pistol with a slightly unfocused stare. Is he drunk?
Another shot rings through the air. A grunt,a thud of a body falling. The leader hurries to this friend.
The drunk and the female troll move toward the counter.

The shaman fires a bolt of bright light. It doesn't seem to have hit anyone. The drunk fires at a figure outside.
I aim at the shaman and fire, but I rarely use pistols so it just grazes him. If only I was out of the line of fire I could try to tamper with their guns.
I move towards the back of the shop where some mops,buckets and other cleaning supplies are on display. Some more shots ring from somewhere around aisle 4.
A body falls to the floor. The Shaman who seemed reluctant to fight runs away.

Now that these annoying ganger wannabes are gone, I return to the breakfast food section and see the troll tying up the leader with rope.
I don't pay them much attention. I'm cold,wet,starving and pissed that some "gangers" ruined a perfectly normal evening. I grab a packet of ready to eat cereals.
The troll hoists him up and asks: "Who sent you to kill the woman?"."I-I can't t-tell you,i-it was ju-just supposed to be another j-job.",the leader chokes out.
"Who is joe?",a man in a chameleon suit asks the piece of drek that thinks he's a ganger."Joe? Who the frag are you talking about man?".
'Well,this just got interesting', I think to myself while I snack on the cereals.

The troll,who is at least as pissed as I am, grabs the socket of the leader's cyberarm and growls "Enough of this! Tell me who sent you if you value your Cyberarm."
"Ok,ok! I'll tell you! Just let me go,please!" "Talk.",she grunts. "It was M-mal Cozie...of Alliance Design." The Troll seems satisfied,lets him go and calls someone.
The suit guy walks up to the leader and says "_I'm Mal Cozie_.You just ruined a perfectly quiet evening.". The leader just looks at him with a confused look. "Never mind. Where is the Ramen?",he mutters.

They go to the mother and ask her if she's alright.Suit guy helps her out by holding the baby. When she reaches out to take the baby back,he pulls a gun.
"Tell us,why does Mal Cozie want to kill you?"." I _know_ you are lying! You're his mistress who blackmails him.",the troll roars.
"If I tell you the truth,will you please give my baby back to me?",the mother asks. "Yes,now talk. I'm still waiting for my ramen.",suit guy replies.
She then starts to tell us that she is Brandine, Mal Cozies mistress and has only recently given birth. She has to blackmail him every month just to get by.
She asks us if we could help her steal some blackmail material from his office and goes off on a tangent about the layout and security.
"Wait a moment,what's in it for us if we do this?",I pipe up. "Anything you want! Nuyen,all the data anything!",she says.

"Seems we need a hacker. Are you a hacker?",the troll asks me. "Well,I know my way aroud the matrix.". After some more discussion we decide to take the job.
As we leave I see the troll and suit guy looting the bodies. I decide to pick up a satchet of cat food for the strays near my apartement.
While I walk past the cashier,I see suit guy try to sneak out with a box of ramen.
The cashier just looks at him and remarks: " Just take it,I don't care.".
This job is not going to be easy, an AA corp like Alliance Design is bound to have some robust matrix security...

